what's up everyone check loud here and
in this video I'm going to show you the
gaming performance of nokia lumia 1020
using two games the first one is modern
combat 40 hour and the second one is
fruit ninja which is a casual game
however the first one the modern combat
4 is a graphic intensive game so let's
see how the game looks on this device
actually this is the first time that I'm
going to run this game do on this device
so right now it looks that it is running
the full effects on the menu
the game is running in full effect
the game is running in full effect stays
no doubt about that one however the game
is not at a smooth has it should be
there are some the frame rates are
slightly lower than what they should be
and these notifications that are coming
from xbox is not helping the foundation
because at times they also slow the game
further
let's go
however good thing is that the human is
showing the full effects as you can see
all our ashes are flying around and
everything is between these are the
Penguins on the plane
behind
Oh
the frame rates are actually acceptable
slightly slower but for the positive
graphic intensive game they are still
not that bad and considering the CPU in
this thing that's actually not a bad
performance but you feel that the thing
gets are slow when you are shooting
someone because the gun is not able to
fire the bullet at the rapid speed so
these are the frame rates and the
graphics of this game on lumia 1020 so
let's now check out the other game the
fruit ninja and let's see how that one
looks on this game on this device in
here sure this area so we can advance
if they can lower the the graphics on
this device it will become further
smooth but right now uninstall it
playable but it's not smooth so let's
check the other one just bear with me I
have to exit this game and load the
other one
as you can see the fingers on this game
is excellent although it's only a
dual-core CPU but still the frame rates
are very good
so guys this is how this game looks like
on nokia lumia 1020 i hope that you have
enjoyed the video thanks for watching
and stay tuned for other gaming
performance videos on this device see
you